source/includes/starting-compass-paste-string.rst, before:

.. procedure:: 
   :style: normal 

   .. step:: Open the New Connection window.

      In the bottom panel of the sidebar, click the :icon-lg:`Plus`
      button to open the New Connection window. 
   
   .. step:: Paste your connection string. 

      If you have the connection string for your deployment available, you can 
      paste the string directly into the dialog box. You can use either the 
      :manual:`Standard Connection String Format 
      </reference/connection-string/#connections-standard-connection-string-format>`
      or the :manual:`DNS Seedlist Connection Format 
      </reference/connection-string/#connections-dns-seedlist>`. 
      
      To obtain the connection string for an |service| cluster: 
      
      a. Navigate to your |service| :guilabel:`Clusters` view.
            
      #. Click :guilabel:`Connect` for your desired cluster.
            
      #. Click :guilabel:`Connect with MongoDB Compass`.
            
      #. Copy the provided connection string.

      .. include:: /includes/fact-hide-connection-string-password.rst
            
      To learn how to format the connection string for a deployment that is not 
      hosted on |service|, see :manual:`Connection String URI Format </reference/connection-string>`.

   .. step:: Connect to your cluster.

      Click :guilabel:`Connect` or :guilabel:`Save & Connect` to navigate to the 
      |compass-short| :doc:`Home Page </instance>`. 
      
      The :guilabel:`Save & Connect` button prompts you to save your connection 
      string as a :ref:`Favorite Connection <favorite-connections>` and then 
      navigates to the home page. 

      .. important:: Required Access
        
        Once you are connected to your MongoDB deployment, you may require 
        specific :manual:`user roles <reference/built-in-roles/>` to access 
        various |compass-short| features. For more information on the required 
        roles for |compass-short| features, see :ref:`required-access`.

Commit message:

DOCSP 37463 Updating connection window flow (#647)
* DOCSP-37463 general connection tab

* DOCSP-37463 general connection tab

* DOCSP-37463 general connection tab

* DOCSP-37463 general connection tab

* DOCSP-37463 general connection tab

* DOCSP-37463 general connection tab

* DOCSP-37463 general connection tab

* DOCSP-37463 general connection tab

* DOCSP-37463 general connection tab

* DOCSP-37463 general connection tab

* DOCSP-37463 general connection tab

* DOCSP-37463 copy edits

* DOCSP-37463 copy edits

* DOCSP-37463 tech edits

* DOCSP-37463 tech edits

source/includes/starting-compass-paste-string.rst, after:

.. procedure:: 
   :style: normal 

   .. step:: Open the :guilabel:`New Connection` modal.

      .. include:: /includes/open-new-connection.rst
   
   .. step:: Paste your connection string. 

      If you have the connection string for your deployment available, you can 
      paste the string directly into the dialog box. You can use either the 
      :manual:`Standard Connection String Format 
      </reference/connection-string/#connections-standard-connection-string-format>`
      or the :manual:`DNS Seedlist Connection Format 
      </reference/connection-string/#connections-dns-seedlist>`. 
      
      To obtain the connection string for an |service| cluster: 
      
      a. Navigate to your |service| :guilabel:`Clusters` view.
            
      #. Click :guilabel:`Connect` for your desired cluster.
            
      #. Click :guilabel:`Connect with MongoDB Compass`.
            
      #. Copy the provided connection string.

      .. include:: /includes/fact-hide-connection-string-password.rst
            
      To learn how to format the connection string for a deployment that is not 
      hosted on |service|, see :manual:`Connection String URI Format
      </reference/connection-string>`.
      
   .. step:: (Optional). Name your connection.

      Use the name field to enter a name for your connection. If you do
      not specify a name, Compass uses the cluster's hostname as the
      connection name. 

   .. step:: (Optional). Choose a color for your connection.

      Use the color drop-down menu to select a label color for your
      connection. When you connect to a connection, the label color is
      the background color of tabs that reference your connection.

   .. step:: Connect to your cluster.

      Click :guilabel:`Save` or :guilabel:`Save & Connect` to navigate to the 
      |compass-short| :doc:`Home Page </instance>`. 
      
      The :guilabel:`Save & Connect` button prompts you to save your connection 
      string as a :ref:`Favorite Connection <favorite-connections>` and then 
      navigates to the home page. 

      .. important:: Required Access
        
        Once you are connected to your MongoDB deployment, you may require 
        specific :manual:`user roles <reference/built-in-roles/>` to access 
        various |compass-short| features. For more information on the required 
        roles for |compass-short| features, see :ref:`required-access`.
